kmp: add version compatibility table (#8760)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/kotlin-multiplatform/install/index.mdx

---
title: Apple Installation Methods
description: "All the installation methods for the Apple platform."
sidebar_order: 3
---

<PageGrid />

## Cocoa SDK Version Compatibility

Every version of our Kotlin Multiplatform SDK is compiled with a specific version of the [Sentry Cocoa SDK](/platforms/apple/).

> The table below shows the recommended Sentry Cocoa SDK versions for corresponding versions of the Kotlin Multiplatform SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the table below to find the recommended Sentry Cocoa SDK versions for specific versions of the Kotlin Multiplatform SDK.
```
